Update Node Maintenance and Kubernetes Upgrade Guide (#677)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.3.3/deploy/important-notes/index.md

Please see [here](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/releases/tag/v{{< current-version >}}) for the full release note.

## Notes

> 1. We introduce a new setting [Node Drain Policy](../../references/settings#node-drain-policy) which has some overlap with the old setting [Allow Node Drain with the Last Healthy Replica](../../references/settings#allow-node-drain-with-the-last-healthy-replica), so it might lead to some confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We introduce a new setting [Node Drain Policy](../../references/settings#node-drain-policy) which will deprecate the old setting [Allow Node Drain with the Last Healthy Replica](../../references/settings#allow-node-drain-with-the-last-healthy-replica), so it is recommended to keep the old setting [Allow Node Drain with the Last Healthy Replica](../../references/settings#allow-node-drain-with-the-last-healthy-replica) as default `false` value and use the new setting [Node Drain Policy](../../references/settings#node-drain-policy) which has more options and controls.
```

Author: Thank you. Fixed

>    To avoid the confusion, it is recommended to keep the old setting [Allow Node Drain with the Last Healthy Replica](../../references/settings#allow-node-drain-with-the-last-healthy-replica) as default `false` value and use the new setting [Node Drain Policy](../../references/settings#node-drain-policy) which has more option and controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Thank you. Fixed
